# cccc
Databases CS3200 at NEU group project

To run this project you must first unzip cccc.zip file then execute the arnoldrouan.sql file to create and populate the database. Once the database is made, there is already a premade jar file, located in the cccc_jar_files/dist folder labeled cccc.jar . Simply execute this jar file and the GUI should run. The first login screen will need the login information for your specific database. The next login screen is the “user” login screen.  Three example username and passwords you can use are carnold/mypass which is a manager account, rouancon/spring which is a customer account, and tjones1/abc123 which is a tech account. All other customers/employees can also be used to login, however these examples are good to use to get a feel for different user types.
If this does not work you must download the netbeans IDE. Once downloaded, open the project folder cccc_java_files in netbeans and click the green arrow to run the program. If there is an issue with a java driver that means you need to update the cccc_java_files/nbproject/private/private.properties file to point to the correct working location. Typically if this is off netbeans will ask to update the properties automatically. With the properties file updated try running the green arrow again. If issues persist please contact us at arnold.co@husky.neu.edu and rouan.c@husky.neu.edu. All java files we created are located in the cccc_java_files/src/cccc folder. This process has been tested on Windows and OSX
The program has nearly every input box implemented with live data validation, and all updates or deletions made via the gui will occur instantly and will automatically update the state of the gui's data and database. If you have any questions feel free to contact us. The project can also be found here https://github.com/rouancon/cccc.

Best,
The Connors
